Type on Screen: BEING THE NATURAL AUTHORITY
Chris: Our culture is founded on five principles.
On screen: Five Principles Graphic and List
Virginia: Quality.
Timothy: Responsibility.
Art: Mutuality.
Chris: Efficiency.
Juan: And freedom.
Timothy: Quality is the number-one principle
for Nutro.
Art: There's a reason "quality" is listed
first.
Chris: Here at Nutro, "quality" is a huge
word.
Juan: I think quality means everything to
this company.
Type on screen: QUALITY STARTS WITH ME
Lisa: Quality starts with me.
Virginia: Quality starts with me.
Chris: It starts from the time that the ingredients
come into the building.
Guillermo: We do about 600 quality checks.
Virginia: 600 checks is a lot of checks.
Guillermo: That ensures the quality of food
safety of our product.
Virginia: PV testing.
Chris: Checking, double checking ...
Guillermo: Protein.
Fat.
Chris: Even triple checking.
Virginia: Moisture checks at the drier.
Moisture checks at the APEC.
Density checks.
Virginia: We also do finished-product checks.
Chris: We hold a daily assessment panel, also
known as the daily "cutting."
Guillermo: To look at the size.
We look at the texture of the product, the
smell.
How it looks, you know, from the customer's
standpoint.
Virginia: There are certain specifications
that have to be met.
And if they're not, then it doesn't get shipped.
01:05: Type on screen: WE OWN OUR PET FOOD
PLANTS
Chris: Here at Nutro, we own our own plants.
Art: It's made here.
We have 100 percent control of it.
Chris: We are obsessed with being clean.
Art: We get visitors in that, you know, are
wowed by what they see.
Chris: Every tour that I have ever given here
at Nutro, the tour always tells me that this
is the cleanest pet food plant that they have
ever been in.
Lisa: Everybody here understands that regardless
of whether you're sweeping the floor, or whether
you're cooking the food, or whether you're
packaging it out, or whether you're the site
manager ... everybody's job is important.
Chris: We don't rely on a co-packer to help
us make our product.
Lisa: At a co-packer, you have no idea.
Art: You really don't have that control.
You don't know truly what that co-packer is
doing with your product.
So, we have that 100 percent control over
it.
I think (it) gives us just a, you know, fantastic
advantage over our competitors.
Lisa: We know exactly what's on the label
is what's in the bag.
02:30 Type on screen: THE NATURAL AUTHORITY
Natural fortified with vitamins, minerals
and other trace nutrients.
Art: Nutro is all-natural, no preservatives.
Chris: We believe nutrition is found in nature.
Guillermo: We only use high-quality, natural
ingredients.
Juan: The more natural, the better.
Guillermo: Natural ingredients are healthier,
more nutritional for our pets.
Lisa: Whenever I feed my pets Nutro, I never
have any doubt what's going in their bowl.
Guillermo: Pet owners expect the best product
from Nutro.
And that's what we provide.
02:53 Type on screen: SUSTAINABILITY
Art: Earlier in the year, my boss approached
me and challenged me with this objective of
zero-landfill.
I was pretty excited about that.
I really enjoy working towards it, you know,
helping the environment.
I care about this.
When you compare this year to last year, the
same timeframe, we've actually reduced our
contribution to the landfill by 82 and a half
percent.
03:07 Type on screen: 82.5% Reduction in Waste
Chris: Everybody cares about what we're doing,
and they're very proud of this company.
Lisa: "Quality" is a word that's just thrown
around from company to company, but here at
Nutro, our name is on that product.
It's not just a pet food.
When it's got our name on it, that's us, that's
who we are.
Chris: What we do is highly technical.
It's scientific.
It's very demanding.
That's what it takes to make the best pet
food in the world.
03:35 On screen:
THE NUTRO COMPANY
A Division of Mars, Incorporated
®/™ Trademarks © The Nutro Company 2012